Call triggers/reload with fallback layer name (#8298)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- Fixed some layout issues in the upload view. [#8231](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8231)
- Fixed `FATAL: role "postgres" does not exist` error message in Docker compose. [#8240](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8240)
- Fixed the Zarr 3 implementation not accepting BytesCodec without "configuration" key. [#8282](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8282)

> - Fixed that reloading a layer's data from the server was sending the tracing ID instead of the fallback layer name to the datastore. [#8298](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8298)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed that reloading the data of a volume annotation layer did not work properly. [#8298](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8298)
```

this is more more precise regarding the "when" and less precise about the "why" which is better for a changelog imo.
